After a weekend-long getaway wedding celebration, Ethan passes out in his hotel room exhausted and desperately in need of sleep. What seems like mere moments later, he’s woken suddenly by banging on the wall shared with his friends’ honeymoon suite. He knows they’re celebrating, but this level of pounding is ridiculous. He’s working up the energy to call his friend, and warn him that his extracurriculars are audible throughout the hotel, when an arm bursts through the room. Scratching, growling and moaning emanates through the fresh hole in the drywall. Ethan’s seen enough horror movies to know what’s slowly busting through the cheap, thin hotel walls- his friends are now zombies.

Ethan knows he has to act quickly- the hole is getting bigger with each supernatural blow from his friends-turned-zombies. Still, he hesitates long enough to consider his pet bird, Tweets, currently stashed in the tiny hotel bathroom. His attachment to this bird is strong enough that he insisted on bringing him along for this weekend getaway. But does he spare the time to grab him?

Meanwhile, Ethan’s friend Tony is sleeping in the adjoining room. The joining door has been unlocked since they first checked in two days ago, so Ethan bets he can escape quicker that way than the hallway. However, Tony’s room isn’t a safe escape either. Should he warn his friend, or book it for the hallway? 

He’s glancing frantically around his room for any other escape, or fighting, options. Moonlight shines in through the window, throwing his room into an eerie glow. Ethan briefly considers the over-sized window as a possibly exit as well. 




Room 1
Hallway Ending From Room 1
Ethan has decided it’s every man for himself. Tony is capable of finding his own way out, and Ethan is the one in imminent danger. He promises himself he will call his friend as soon as he has reached safety. Ethan throws open the hotel door and uses his momentum to rush forward into the hallway. Unfortunately, his friends’ inconvenient zombie-sounds had drowned out the groaning horde of undead in the hallway. Ethan has a moment to hope that his own screams will be enough to alert Tony to the impending zombie takeover. Reflective moment over, all thoughts are overcome by an all-consuming lust for braaaains.

Window Ending
There’s no way to know if one of his friends is patient zero, or if the whole hotel is swarming. Ethan decides a quick exit from the hotel is best. He crawls through the large window and gets his footing, very carefully, on the gratuitous crown molding ledge. Before he can start to look for something climbable, the molding begins to crumble. Ethan knew he was on the 20th floor, but he was hoping for some kind of miraculous exit. Instead, he has a split second to regret his life choices before he falls from the ledge.

Birdcage Ending
Ethan hadn’t been able to leave Tweets behind when planning this trip, and he couldn’t leave him behind now. Ethan grabs the birdcage and whirls to make a quick getaway, Tweets safely in his hands. Unfortunately, zombie-Diane seems to be quicker than he could have imagined, and she blocks his exit from the bathroom. Ethan watches in horror as zombie-Diane swats the birdcage from his hands. He hopes the force of the cage slamming into the floor will free Tweets to escape. He knows he won’t be so lucky.

Zombie Hand Ending
Ethan knows he shouldn’t play with zombies. But when was he ever going to have another chance to check out a zombie up-close and in-person? He checks out the zombie hand, taking in all the unnatural green and blue skin hues. In his fascination, he fails to move fast enough to avoid his zombie friends when they come crashing through the wall. The zombies land on him and Ethan falls to the ground hard, knocking him unconscious. The world goes black, forever.  

Out of Time Ending
Nothing is more persistent than a starving zombie, and it doesn’t take long before the zombies in the Honeyroom Suite come crashing through the wall. He wishes he had tried to escape while he had the chance, but it looks like he is out of time.

Cellphone
In his celebratory haze, Ethan had dropped and shattered his cellphone screen. He wistfully jabs at the power button, but it doesn’t power to life. 

TV
This doesn’t seem like the best time to watch tv, but maybe covering the zombie sounds will help Ethan calm his nerves. He flips the tv on.

Hotel Phone
Does management know it has a zombie problem? Ethan decides he should call the front desk to alert everyone. Unfortunately, the line seems to be dead.

Room 2
Enter Room 2
Tony’s room opens just as Ethan reaches for the door handle. Tony stands just over the threshold, sleep-tousled but clearly concerned. 
“What is going on?” Tony demands. Ethan pauses to decide if he has time to explain. He is fairly certain the crashing sound he just heard was the former bride and groom finally breaking into his room. He pushes past Tony and slams the door shut. Does Ethan waste precious time convincing Tony he is now in a horror movie?

Explain to Tony
“It’s Diane and Jack . . . they aren’t exactly Diane and Jack anymore,” Ethan spits out. “We gotta find a way out of here, and quick.”
“Maybe we should take some supplies, just in case,” Tony says, ready to follow Ethan’s lead. 

Don’t Explain Ending
“We don’t have time, we gotta get out of here now,” Ethan tells Tony.
“Alright, but did you forget Tweets?” Tony asks. Before Ethan can stop him, Tony throws open the door Ethan had just slammed shut, inviting the waiting zombie-Diane and zombie-Jack to a Tony and Ethan feast.

Window Ending
There’s no way to know if one of his friends is patient zero, or if the whole hotel is swarming. Ethan decides a quick exit from the hotel is best. He crawls through the large window and gets his footing, very carefully, on the gratuitous crown molding ledge. Before he can start to look for something climbable, the molding begins to crumble. Ethan knew he was on the 20th floor, but he was hoping for some kind of miraculous exit. Instead, he has a split second to regret his life choices before he falls from the ledge.

Out of Time Ending
Nothing is more persistent than a starving zombie, and it doesn’t take long before Ethan’s friends-turned-zombies crash through the wall. He wishes he had tried to escape while he had the chance, but it looks like he is out of time.

Newspaper Article
Explains a “bad batch” of solent wine has been released to various resorts and hotels across the country. The only currently known ‘cure’ for this affliction is death by fire, or decapitation. 
“I have some body spray in the bathroom. Maybe we could use it as an accelerant?”  -Tony

Lighter and Cigarettes on nightstand
“We can’t leave those behind.”  - Tony

Fire extinguisher
“This might be useful, but it sure is heavy. Do I really wanna carry this around in a zombie apocalypse?” 

Body Spray
Hygiene is always important, zombies or not.

Cell phone
Tony’s phone has a full battery, but no signal. 

Hotel Phone
Does management know it has a zombie problem? Ethan decides he should call the front desk to alert everyone. Unfortunately, the line seems to be dead.

Hallway
//Equip lighter w/o aerosol
//If only I had a way to make this flame bigger . . .
//Equip Aerosol w/o lighter
//I doubt zombies are afraid of this particular scent of body spray. Maybe it could still be useful though?

If no aerosol and lighter Ending
They really had no other path to take, but the hallway is just too overrun with shambling zombies. Upon sight of Ethan and Tony, the zombies shift from shuffling aimlessly to zeroing in on their next meal.

If both aerosol and lighter were picked up
Remembering the body spray and lighter from Tony’s room, Ethan realizes he has the opportunity to fulfill a lifelong dream of shooting zombies in the face with fire. He can’t take too long to enjoy the excitement; the hallway is still swarming with the undead.

Try for Stairwell/Run into Zombie Ending
The stairwell is the closest , and Ethan and Tony beeline it for the emergency exit at the end of the hall. The improvised flamethrower clears their path at first, until the lighter flickers out. Ethan frantically flips at the lighter, willing it to life, but it seems it is out of lighter fluid. Zombies surround them on all sides, and it becomes increasingly clear that they won’t be making it out of this hallway.

Try for Room 4 Ending
The fire escape seems too risky, but maybe the room closest to it is the next best thing. Ethan runs to the last room on the hall and pounds loudly on the door. This is Russell’s room, the last of the best men in the wedding. Ethan knows Russell tends to err on the side of caution. In fact, Russell had chosen this room immediately beside the fire escape for this exact reason. So it comes as no surprise to Ethan when his knocks go unanswered. He is surprised, however, by the zombie that quietly comes up behind him. Maybe Russell had made the right call by not answering, after all. 

Try for Room 3
The hallway is more overrun than Ethan could have imagined. While he’s having a great time barbecuing zombies, he knows his luck can’t last forever. He makes his way to the next room down and gestures for Tony to knock. Theo, another groomsmen in the wedding, is staying in this room and they hope the off-duty officer has brought his firearm.





Room 4
Ethan leads the way past the newly knocked-in door. This last room is being occupied by Russell, the last of the best men in the wedding. Ethan knows Russell tends to err on the side of caution. In fact, Russell had chosen this room immediately beside the fire escape for this exact reason. The room is pitch black, and Ethan assumes this was intentional on Russell’s part, so as to draw as little attention to his room as possible. 

If picked up flashlight
Russell is probably hiding in the dark somewhere. Should Ethan use his flashlight to look for him? 

If yes to light but no gun
Ethan flips on the flashlight and shines it around the room, freezing on the frozen figure standing in the middle of the room. He had found Russell in a manner of speaking--- zombie-Russell jumps to life as soon as the light hits him. Ethan quickly runs through his options- he and Tony can book it for the nearest exit, Ethan can distract zombie-Russell so that Tony can make a break for it, or Ethan can push Tony toward zombie-Russell, giving him precious time to escape. What’s the best option?

Didn’t Pick up Gun- Both Try to Run Ending
Ethan opts to try to save both his friend and himself. Was there ever really any other option? He yells for Tony to run as he bolts back toward the open doorway they had just created. Unfortunately, supernatural Russell is quicker than Ethan had planned on, and Tony is quickly overpowered. Ethan doesn’t waste the seconds to mourn; he keeps toward his goal of the previous room. It buys him time, but in the end, Ethan is still stuck with zero exits. No matter which way he goes, a zombie waits for him.

Didn’t Pick up Gun- Ethan Sacrifices Self Ending
Ethan simply doesn’t see a way they can both survive this. They need a distraction, and Ethan is out of ideas. Tony has been his friend for a long time, and there really only seems to be one good option. Ethan yells for his friend to run as he bolts directly past the zombie, taunting Russell as he goes. It doesn’t take long for zombie-Russell to catch him, but Ethan is consoled by the fact that now his friend has a chance to escape.

Didn’t Pick up Gun- Ethan Pushes Tony
Ethan simply doesn’t see a way they can both survive this. They need a distraction, and Ethan is out of ideas. Tony has been his friend a long time, but it seems this is truly a him-or-me situation. Before he can second-guess himself, Ethan shoves Tony toward zombie-Russell. Tony goes down instantly, and Ethan knows he has precious little time before the zombie loses interest in Tony’s corpse. 

Yes Light, Yes Gun(Cuts Time in Half) 
Ethan flips on the flashlight and shines it around the room, freezing on the frozen figure standing in the middle of the room. He had found Russell in a manner of speaking--- zombie-Russell jumps to life as soon as the light hits him. Ethan reaches quickly for Theo’s gun, and shoots the zombie in the head. Miraculously, Russell goes down. Ethan needs to make it to the fire escape now.

No Flashlight, has gun(Cuts Time in Half)
Ethan steps into the dark room. In the dim light, he makes out the outline of a figure standing in the middle of the room. He starts to call out to what he assumes is Russell, before he hears the tell-tale groaning coming from the figure. Ethan reaches quickly for Theo’s gun, and aims to shoot zombie-Russell in the head. Unfortunately, Ethan’s not a marksman, and between his lack of skills and adrenaline-induced shaking, he hits Tony instead. Tony goes down quickly, and while this serves as a distraction for Russell, Ethan is too shaken up to try firing again. Instead, he knows he needs to make it to the fire escape now.


No Flashlight, no gun
Ethan steps into the dark room. In the dim light, he makes out the outline of a figure standing in the middle of the room. He starts to call out to what he assumes is Russell, before he hears the tell-tale groaning coming from the figure. The zombie must have heard them breaking through the door, because he descends on them immediately. Without anything to defend themselves, it’s game over.

Yes Gun, No Bullets


Hallway Door Ending
Ethan had already seen first-hand how many zombies waited for him in the hallway. He just didn’t see any other options. He tries the hallway door, hoping he can somehow manage to sneak around the corner to the fire escape. Wishful thinking did not make the hordes in the hallway disappear, however. Zombies rush Ethan and Tony as soon as they open the door.


